1 (Memo) (524b): 
Our Original assortment...a little taste of heaven for everyone.  Let us
select a special assortment of our chocolate and pastel favorites for you.
Each petit four is its own special hand decorated creation. Multi-layers of
moist cake with combinations of specialty fillings create memorable cake
confections. Varietes include; Luscious Lemon, Strawberry Hearts, White
Chocolate, Mocha Bean, Roasted Almond, Triple Chocolate, Chocolate Hazelnut,
Grand Orange, Plum Squares, Milk chocolate squares, and Raspberry Blanc.

3 (Memo) (1268b): 
Gift wrap you don't have to do?Petits fours decorated as festive packages of red and green, each a work of art. These edible packages will delight your guests and will create the sweetest of holiday memories. This special assortment of our multi-layered butter cakes includes seven delicious flavors: French Espresso, Tahitian Pineapple, Raspberry Cream, Truffled Mint, Milk Chocolate, Raspberry Truffle, and Cherry Rose. Petits fours decorated as festive packages of red and green, each a work of art. These edible packages will delight your guests and will create the sweetest of holiday memories. This special assortment of our multi-layered butter cakes includes seven delicious flavors: French Espresso, Tahitian Pineapple, Raspberry Cream, Truffled Mint, Milk Chocolate, Raspberry Truffle, and Cherry Rose. Serve your presents with this festive and fun petits fours assortment.
Elegantly wrapped delicate packages, gaily tied with ribbons and bows of chocolate, make these wonderful multi-layered butter cakes perfect party favors for the most demanding of celebrations.  Each tempting assortment includes French Espresso, Tahitian Pineapple, Raspberry Cream, Truffled Mint, Milk Chocolate, Raspberry Truffle and Cherry Rose. Available in gift boxed assortments

6 (Memo) (532b): 
Not just another chocolate cake ... these petits fours are wickedly intense,
moist and delectable. Enrobed in silky milk, mocha and bittersweet
chocolates, and filled with creamy buttercreams, truffle creams, and
preseves. Varieties include: robust Triple Chocolate, Mocha Bean, Roasted
Almond, Truffle, Hazelnut, and creamy Milk Chocolate. Each cake is hand
decorated with classic European designs and presented in a elegant gift box.
Ship to your friends or indulge yourself with these out-of-the ordinary
cake confections.

8 (Memo) (285b): 
Delicate pastel chocolates, fruit filled buttercreams,
jams, and homemade lemon curd, flavor these moist and delicate cakes.
Assortments of our most requested petits fours include: Plum Squares, White
Chocolate, Strawberry Hearts, Grand Orange, Luscious Lemon, and Raspberry
Blanc.

9 (Memo) (341b): 
Traditional checkerboard cookies with an untraditional old world flavor. We bake these cookies with a special European style butter and pure vanilla, adding just the right amount of chocolate to perfectly balance this rich golden bite size shortbread. After trying we guarantee that one bite will never be enough. Packed in 12 oz. gift tins.

10 (Memo) (349b): 
Make merry with our delightful Christmas petits fours which are sure to delight all ages. Our perky little White Chocolate Snowmen, Marzipan Santas, Milk and Cherry wrapped packages,  Mint Truffle Candy Canes, snow capped decorated Lemon Trees, and Bittersweet Raspberry Holly are guaranteed to charm the stocking cap off even the grumpiest Scrooge.

11 (Memo) (202b): 
The ultimate cookie sandwiches! Tender buttery chocolate shortbread cookies filled with sinfully rich bittersweet truffle cream and dipped into bittersweet chocolate. Packed in a gift tin. ( 1 lb. 2oz.)

12 (Memo) (306b): 
Authentically made from an heirloom recipe whose origins
have date back to the 14th century Italian city of Prato. These twice baked
crunchy textured temptations are generously filled with toasted almonds, and
flavored with a dash of cinnamon. 16 biscotti packed in a rectanglar
decorative tin. (18 0z)

13 (Memo) (399b): 
Our stollen takes its name from the Dresden region, long noted for producing
the richest of holiday breads.  Each 2 1/2 Lb. loaf is bursting with
currents, walnuts, hazelnuts, glaced fruits and peels, filled with a
marzipan center, and dipped in melted butter and vanilla sugar to seal in
freshness. For the best flavor and texture, it is traditional to heat or
toast each slice before serving.

14 (Memo) (634b): 
Once tasted you will understand why we won The
Boston Herald's Fruitcake Taste-off. Judges liked its generous size,
luscious appearance, moist texture and fruit to cake ratio ... commented one
judge "It's a lip Smacker!" Our signature fruitcake is baked with carefully
selected ingredients that will be savored until the last moist crumb is
devoured each golden slice is brimming with Australian glaced apricots,
toasted pecans, candied orange peel, and currants, folded gently into a
brandy butter batter and slowly baked to perfection and then generously
imbibed with "Holiday Spirits". Presented in a gift tin.  (3lbs. 4oz)

16 (Memo) (408b): 
In the mood for an extraordinary and unusual confection?... Then
you must try our award winning juicy, tart Australian jumbo glaced apricots
that are filled with a "pit" of bittersweet truffle and bathed in sinfully
extra bitter imported dark chocolate. Each confection is hand wrapped in
apricot confectioners foil for a extra special presentation. 12 Trufflecot confections are presented in a gift box.

17 (Memo) (493b): 
These are the butter cookies you would make if you had
the time. Made in small batches to insure quality and tenderness. Each year
we create new varieties for our holiday assortment.  This year's assortment 
includes; Chocolate Hazelnut Sandwiches, Pecan Shortbread, Cocos, Nutmeg
Snaps, Butter Pretzels, Chocolate Espresso Wafers, Viennese Sandwiches,
Belgian Spice Slices, Apricot Sand cookies, Checkerboard Shortbread, and
Bittersweet Butter Wafers. Packed in a 1 lb. 8 oz. gift tin .

18 (Memo) (371b): 
Sink your teeth into these luscious little cakes. Sinfully rich... and worth every bite! Even if
cheesecake is not your passion your will love these delectable morsels.  
 A sampler of 15 individual bite-size cakes includes; Ultimate Devils Food,
Creamy White Chocolate, Pumpkin Walnut with a hint of spice, and Georgia Chocolate Pecan. Packed in a gift box.  Wt. 12oz

19 (Memo) (503b): 
Two best sellers in one box...We  ship our demitasse petits fours and
truffles to some of the finest stores and restaurants in the country, and
now for the first time, they are available to you. This very special
selection of 36 bite size assorted wickedly smooth chocolates truffles and
decadent chocolate petits fours includes; Toasted Almond, Royal Raspberry,and
Bittersweet Orange truffles, and Petits Fours of Espresso , Milk chocolate, and Raspberry
Truffle. Gift boxed in 18oz. assortments.

20 (Memo) (519b): 
A melt in your mouth holiday tradition...  buttery tender and irresistibly crisp,
16 carefully iced and decorated Christmas shortbread cookies. This year our
special selection includes: Ruby Red Globes, Swirling Spheres of red and
green, and Victorian Purple Heart Ornaments. As with all of Divine Delight's
shortbread cookies, these are made with  generous amounts of sweet creamery
butter and flavored with only real vanilla. To insure freshness we bake our
cookies to order and pack them in a 1lb.8oz gift tin.

22 (Memo) (388b): 
Mice-A -Fours are one of our most popular Petits Fours, for they are as
enchanting to look at as they are marvelous to eat. Each mouse is created
from a butter almond tart topped with a rich chocolate buttercream and then
dipped into white chocolate. Every face and tail is decorated by hand to
insure their whimsical expressions. Refrigerate upon arrival, serve at room
temperature.

23 (Memo) (254b): 
Petits fours to leap for! Enjoy a box of our most lively creations,
Raspberry and Chocolate Frogs, Strawberry Pigs, Triple Chocolate Moose,
Pineapple Chicks, Raspberry Lop Eared Bunnies and two delightfully mischievous
felines, Bittersweet and Calico.

24 (Memo) (539b): 
Glide into the holidays with our golden sleigh filled
with a bounty of scrumptiously extravagant festive sweets.  Featuring a tasting of our outstanding baked goods and
confections, beautifully nestled in a gold keepsake sleigh that will impress
the most demanding on your list. Included in this sweet ride are;  our special
Christmas Demitasse Petits Fours, award winning Trufflecots, a spirited
10oz. loaf of Apricot Brandy Fruitcake, a generous sampling of our
all-butter Checkerbite shortbread cookies, and a handmade Candy Cane.

26 (Memo) (375b): 
The reason this fragrant spicecake is a consistent
best seller, year after year, is because it's absolutely delicious. Cinnamon,
ginger, and nutmeg flavor this generously moist and dense golden beauty that
is brimming with English walnuts, plump raisins, and old fashion pumpkin
goodness. Serve with coffee, tea, or as a light fruitcake for the holidays.
( 2lbs.  8oz. )

27 (Memo) (342b): 
It would be a mistake to confuse this generous cake with old-fashioned gingerbread... it is anything but. Fresh ginger adds just the right amount of zing and lifts this deceptly humble cake into the stratosphere. Wonderful served by its self or accompanied with whipped cream and fresh fruit compote for a sophisticated dessert. (2lbs. 8oz.) 

28 (Memo) (473b): 
We lost count on how many lemons go into this cake...but the results are well worth it. Freshly squeezed  lemons and thickly churned buttermilk make this fine textured golden pound cake heavenly. Baked to perfection with sweet creamery butter and fresh whole eggs and generously bathed in sweetly tart lemon juices for a luscious taste sensation bite after bite. Cake is best eaten upon arrival and served at room temperature. May be frozen for longer keeping.  ( 2Lbs.8oz)

29 (Memo) (524b): 
Selected by "The New York Times"... Plump and luscious, simple yet festive, and out of this
world, best describe our fruity butter cake. Fresh cranberries and English
walnuts are gently folded into a delicately orange flavored all-butter
batter. Baked until golden brown, this glorious cake is then glazed with a
generous bath of the sweetest juice oranges to be found! Arrives packed in
our special mailer. Cake is best eaten upon arrival and served at room temperature. May be frozen for longer keeping.  (2lbs. 8oz.)

31 (Memo) (369b): 
Moist and delicious ...Three sensational freshly baked
pound cakes in one gift box. This special selection of our most popular
cakes includes generous 1 lb. loaves of;  Cranberry Orange, Pumpkin Spice, and our
delectably tart Lemon Buttermilk teacake. Teacakes are best eaten upon arrival and served at room temperature. May be frozen for longer keeping. Gift boxed.

32 (Memo) (328b): 
A chocoholic's version of the classic pecan tart. Just as extravgantly rich, but without the coying sweetness of its conventional namesake. Overflowing with toasted jumbo
Texas pecans and baked to perfection in an all butter fluted tart crust this velvety textured bittersweet chocolate tart is nothing short of superb. 8" tart

33 (Memo) (404b): 
Usher in 2004 with our new festive petits fours. Colorful yellow and pink party hats, chocolate clocks, and an assortment of confetti cakes. Each miniature cake is painstaking hand decorated to celebrate the occasion. We have included our favorite varieties of petits fours in this selection for your enjoyment; Raspberry Cr?me, Triple Chocolate, Luscious Lemon, Pineapple, Strawberry and Milk Chocolate.

34 (Memo) (101b): 
Handpainted porcelain cup & saucer with rose motif and 14 kt gold rim. Signed by the artist
Ramanda.

35 (Memo) (106b): 
Handpainted porcelain cup & saucer with violet motif and 14 kt gold rim. Signed by the artist
Ramanda.
 

36 (Memo) (102b): 
Handpainted porcelain cup & saucer with Pansy motif and 14 kt gold rim. Signed by the artist
Ramanda.

37 (Memo) (110b): 
Handpainted porcelain cup & saucer with Forget-me-not motif and 14 kt gold rim. Signed
by the artist Ramanda.

38 (Memo) (110b): 
Handpainted porcelain cup & saucer with Morning Glory motif and 14 kt gold rim. Signed
by the artist Ramanda.

39 (Memo) (229b): 
Now enjoy the box and the chocolates for half the price! Hand molded 7oz. chocolate heart box
created with imported milk chocolate and filled with a sensuous dozen red
foil wrapped milk chocolate caramel truffle hearts. (12 oz)

40 (Memo) (372b): 
Elegant red velvet heart box filled with a special assortment of our
trademark petits fours. Bite-size butter rich cakes, each daintily decorated,
are a garden of hearts and roses unto themselves. Cupid's selection this
year includes: Triple Chocolate, Milk Chocolate Truffle, fresh Strawberry
Hearts, Raspberry Blanc, Luscious Lemon and Marzipan Petits Fours. (18 oz)

41 (Memo) (371b): 
Elegant red velvet heart box filled with a special assortment of nine
trademark petits fours. Bite-size butter rich cakes, each daintily decorated,
are a garden of hearts and roses unto themselves. Cupid's selection this
year includes: Triple Chocolate, Milk Chocolate Truffle, fresh Strawberry
Hearts, Raspberry Blanc, Luscious Lemon and Marzipan Petits Fours. (9oz)

42 (Memo) (309b): 
A sweetheart of a tin filled with a freshly baked trio of our most delicious
all butter shortbread cookies. These delicious cookie valentines are hand
decorated with lacy white chocolate, sparkling sugars, and decadent dark
chocolate. Packed in a keepsake tin are 24 (2") cookies for your
special someone.

43 (Memo) (329b): 
This basket has lots of heart!  Brimming with king-size red butter shortbread
heart cookies, milk chocolate crunch, our prize winning apricot confection
Trufflecots, assorted foil wrapped truffles hearts, almond biscotti kissed
with bittersweet chocolate, and an exquisite box of triple chocolate petits
fours "Trufflefours"?

44 (Memo) (312b): 
The ultra brownie. Super fudgy and loaded with California walnuts, these
baked confections are double thick, darkly dense, and glazed with
bittersweet chocolate. And if that is not enough, they are then covered with
even more walnuts!  Guaranteed to be addicting.
Refrigerate upon arrival.
(six Fudgies 6oz)

45 (Memo) (260b): 
Chocolate nirvana! A delectable chocolate fudge cake filled with a tunnel
of creamy chocolate coconut goodness topped with a rich bittersweet
chocolate glaze and a generous seeding of English walnuts. Perfect for all
celebrations and occasions.
 (2 1/2 lb)

46 (Memo) (349b): 
A hot combination of 36 bite size dreamy chocolate truffles and moist little
butter cakes for your most special valentine. Varieties included in this
special assortment are Royal Raspberry, Classic Bittersweet, Creamy Caramel,
Swiss Chocolate Truffles, and Strawberry Creme, Raspberry, Ultra Truffle,
and Chocolate Cherry petits fours.
Wt. 18oz

47 (Memo) (267b): 
One of our most requested cakes! Heavenly butter rich tender pound cake with
cinnamon walnut streusel generously swirled throughout a golden vanilla
batter and topped with additional streusel and lightly toasted golden
walnuts. Slice thinly and enjoy!
(2lbs. 8oz)

48 (Memo) (387b): 
Brighten any occasion with a delectable bouquet of our ever popular tender
shortbread cookies. These all butter, hand decorated special cultivars of;
cheerful Black-eyed Susans, Shasta Daisy, and a new introduction, Pink
Passion Daisy, are guaranteed to arrive in delicious full bloom. Each
bouquet is delivered in a special gift tin with 24 (2 3/4" diameter) cookies
nested inside.

49 (Memo) (607b): 
Shamrock Shortbread Cookies
Everybody loves cookies and these all butter shortbread cookies are
especially delightful. What could be more magical than a tin of all butter
shortbread cookies finished with sparkling emerald sugars, bittersweet and
white chocolate? Hand rolled and cut from small batches to insure their
tenderness and loaded with as much creamy fresh sweet butter as can be
possible to hold their shape, and yes, only real vanilla will do. Because we
really do the baking, these cookies will be freshly baked and packed in a
gold tin at your requested delivery time.
24 (2") cookies.

51 (Memo) (373b): 
Our shamrock petit four assortment is an irresistible combination of
extraordinary rich bittersweet chocolates and refreshingly cool mints. You
don't have to be Irish to enjoy this  special dozen of magically delicious
bite-size cakes consisting of moist vanilla almond and chocolate layers
filled with creamy mint buttercream and bittersweet truffle cream. (one dozen)

52 (Memo) (584b): 
After many years of searching for the perfect box for individual petits
fours we are pleased to offer these elegant and ethereal rice fabric
creations. Simple and easy to assemble, just place the petit four in the
center of the petal box and gather the exterior fabric with a ribbon of your
choice. Don't be fooled by their delicate look, rice fabric is extremely
durable and will not run, ravel, or bleed. Available packaged in quantities
of 10. When ordering please specify colors: white swiss dot, gold swiss dot,
pink swiss dot, floral pink, large yellow dot, or pistachio.

54 (Memo) (544b): 
With a hint of nostalgia and a dash of romance, this collection of graceful
petits fours is the perfect compliment for an elaborate wedding, reception
or a special tea. Created in soft tones of ivory and cream with flourishes
of white and spring mint. Varieties include Ivory hearts filled with milk
chocolate truffle cream, Lemon and Pineapple filled Swiss doted packages,
Apricot and White chocolate sweetpeas, and satin finished lily of the valley
filled with Raspberry puree, and Bittersweet Chocolate and Orange flavored
Ranunculus.

56 (Memo) (312b): 
Pink or blue we welcome you... with a new petit four assortment. Soft
pastels, sweet hearts and cuddly Teddy Bears celebrate a new arrival with
delicious joy. This assortment includes Apricot Truffle Teddy Bears,
Raspberry creme squares, Strawberry and Lemon Hearts. Packed in assortments
of 24 petits fours.

57 (Memo) (402b): 
Gracious petits fours for memorable weddings and spectacular celebrations.
This delicately detailed assortment includes; Strawberry Hearts, White
Chocolate Rectangles, Perfection Plum Squares, Luscious Lemon, and Raspberry
Blanc.
Use as a "cake" by arranging on a tiered server, as an accompaniment to the
traditional cake, or for a elegant bridal favor.
Packed in assortments of 35 petits fours.

58 (Memo) (462b): 
Each bite of these delightful petits fours will bring to mind the joys of
spring. Inspired by our beloved pet bunny "Chester", we created this
whimsical assortment of Lop Eared rabbits, Lemon Chicks, Hummingbird nests,
colorful flowered Eggs, and Milk Chocolate Carrots to delight all. Freshly
flavored with lemon, strawberry, orange, and scrumptious chocolates, no
celebration could possibly be complete without these multi-layered, bite
size confections.

59 (Memo) (318b): 
Place your order early because these cookies are a sellout each year!  And
for good reason. They are melt-in your mouth all-butter shortbreads, over
1lb. 8oz. (35 cookies), of colorful hand-decorated eggs and perky white
bunnies that will be enjoyed by children and adults as well. Packed in a
decorative gift tin.

60 (Memo) (186b): 
A charming sampler of colorful truffle eggs, milk chocolate ducks, a
hand-poured milk chocolate bunny, and freshly baked Easter shortbread
cookies, nestled in a colorful wicker basket.

61 (Memo) (367b): 
An embarrassing display of edible riches ...  this oversized basket is
filled with our freshly baked Easter shortbread cookies, an array of mouth
watering truffle eggs, fabulous demitasse petits fours, a sampler box of
chocolate truffles, milk chocolate ducks, a delightful milk chocolate
carrot, assorted foil wrapped confections and of course, the Easter bunny!

62 (Memo) (500b): 
Bon Appetit magazine called these delectable
hand molded chocolate egg-shaped
truffles "Egg-cellent treats". One dozen of the Easter bunny's most colorful
and tantalizing, with flavors
from Apricot Swirl, Bittersweet, Raspberry, Dutch Lemon, Valencia Orange,
Creamy Milk Chocolate, to Tahitian Coconut are packed in a farm fresh egg
carton. These luscious confections are only made with the finest European
chocolates, dairy fresh cream, and all natural flavorings.
( 12 ) 1 1/2 oz. truffles.

63 (Memo) (202b): 
We hand paint and mold each duck from the creamiest milk and white chocolate
available. Presented in a gold box with a bow, our little feathered friends
make quackingly good gifts and basket stuffers.

64 (Memo) (323b): 
A glorious milk chocolate egg box filled with subline selection of creamy
colorfully foil wrapped chocolates. Our Easter egg is hand molded with 8 ozs
of imported milk chocolate of the highest quality and is filled with 9
assorted truffles. Chocolate truffle flavors include Bittersweet, Hazelnut,
Raspberry and Orange.

65 (Memo) (414b): 
We've done all the work for you! Nestled in a pastel wicker basket is a
tender loaf of our Lemon Buttermilk Teacake, bursting with citrus flavor, an
assortment of demitasse petits fours fit for a queen, a carefully chosen
quality tea to compliment the feast, a generous sampling of buttery
Checkerbite shortbread cookies, and creamy milk chocolate medallions and
chocolate truffles tucked in for good measure!

66 (Memo) (419b): 
These are our most popular petits fours for spring and summer. Dainty and
delectable petit four gift packages finished with beautiful pastels,
handsome mochas and chocolates, carefully trimmed with delicate ribbons,
bows and flowers. Each multi-layered butter cake is filled with one of our
most popular flavors: White Chocolate, Strawberry, Luscious Lemon, Mocha,
Triple Chocolate, Pineapple, and Raspberry Creme.

67 (Memo) (290b): 
Kick up your heels with our new selection of shortbread shoes. A Palate
pleasing tin of 20 edible footwear from sexy pumps to granny boots. One can
never have enough of these addicting all butter cookies! Freshly baked and
shipped to wardrobes nationwide. Assortments may vary.(1lb. 8oz)

68 (Memo) (206b): 
At last...give Dad a tie he will really enjoy! He will receive 8 stylishly
decorated 3oz. tender butter shortbread cookies packed in a generous tin for
guaranteed freshness and good keeping.
(1lbs. 8oz )

69 (Memo) (283b): 
We created this new special assortment of soft creme packages and rose petal
petits fours with Mom in mind. This delightful collection of our renowned
multi-layered bite size butter cakes includes: Red Raspberry Squares,
Truffled Cherry, Lemon Creme, and our popular Plum Squares.

70 (Memo) (317b): 
A delicious celebration of our patriotic spirit.  Enjoy a toast to our
freedom with brave Bittersweet  and Milk Chocolate Truffle Hearts, a tart
Cherry Truffle Petit Four that would make one of our founding fathers proud,
and a courageous Red Raspberry Flag burting with flavor.
Packed in gift boxes of one dozen.

71 (Memo) (334b): 
Everyone will just love this deliciously fun assortment for the 4th. A
generous selection of red, white, and blue hand decorated all-butter
shortbread cookies with sparkling sugars and colorful icings that capture
the joyous festivities of bursting stars, and waving flags. Each tin
contains 32 snugly packed cookies. (1lb. 10oz.)

72 (Memo) (305b): 
No celebration can be complete without our special Hallowed Eve Petits Fours. One bite of these multi-layered bite size cakes will send you howling back for more! Marzipan Witches, Triple Chocolate Webs, Black Cats, Mocha Bean Bones, Jack-O-Lanterns, and White Chocolate Ghosts will be flown to your door.

73 (Memo) (302b): 
Scare up appetites with these melt in your mouth truffles. Luscious eye popping Gianduya (milk chocolate and roasted hazelnuts), classic Bittersweet, Mellow Mint, and Praline Peanut truffle centers nestled in imported white chocolate. Assorted eyeballs are packed one dozen per goulishly delicious box.

74 (Memo) (345b): 
To die for... 20 hand-decorated monstrously delicious all-butter shortbread cookies carefully entombed in a tin for fresh delivery. Our good natured green monsters, sinister Jack-o-lanterns, spiders, colorful cookie corns, and buttery bones, are a must for your Halloween celebrations, Trick or Treat gift giving, and monster noshes. (1lb. 8oz.)

75 (Memo) (254b): 
A bumper crop of petits fours for your Autumn table. This cornucopia of harvest confections includes; colorful Chocolate Truffle Pumpkins, delightful Mocha Turkeys, delicate Ambrosia Pears, Butter Spice Apples, and White chocolate frosted Concord Grapes.

76 (Memo) (415b): 
A feast of delicious butter cookies ...The whole family will love this picture perfect tin of delicately hand-iced shortbread cookies. We received raves and more complements about this cookie assortment for capturing the glorious autumn colors and the rich tender melt-in-your mouth texture that only pure butter, real vanilla and just a touch of sugar, can give. 24 cookies are packed in a gift tin.  (1lb. 8oz.)  

77 (Memo) (397b): 
A golden gift box of 36 luscious bite-size assorted petits fours. Each moist butter cake is dipped into dark chocolate and hand-decorated with festive holiday motifs of candy canes, candles, holly, and packages tied with colorful chocolate bows and strings. Varieties of petits fours included in this assortment are; Raspberry, Bittersweet Truffle, Vanilla Orange, and Strawberry Creme. Wt (18oz.)

78 (Memo) (449b): 
This tin is filled with a tempting trio of crunchy pleasures that can be enjoyed by themselves or dunked into fresh cup of coffee. Our perennial favorite Biscotti di Divine returns, chockfull of toasted almonds, flavored with a hint of cinnamon, and half dipped into bittersweet chocolate. Two new twice-baked delights make their debut this season; Heavenly Chocolate Hazelnut and Golden Orange Pignoli. 16 biscotti are packed in a tin.  (1Lb. 2oz.)

